Many years ago I knew your company, when I was a boy, I heard the name photo shop,
and I ask my uncle who was a engineer "what is photoshop?",he explained to me a lot of professional words
but i still confused, and he told me "it can make girl's picture more beautiful" and i know that.
photoshop was created in 1988, Since then, it has become the standard in raster graphics editing,the word 
"photoshop" has become a verb, like "photoshop a image", "did you ps before you put your image on facebook?"

another product made me know your company well is flash, your company purchased it at 1996, 
actually, flash being a very important role in the evolutionary history of web page.

Since HTML is very limited and can not live up to expectations designed to achieve refreshing dynamic effects, 
in this case, a variety of scripting languages came out, making web design more diverse. However, 
programming is not popularity because it requires some programming skills, people need to have 
both a simple, intuitive and powerful animation design tool, Flash appears just to meet this demand.

for now I download the color cc app in my Iphone, its a very good software to capture colors form your 
real life, and use these colour theme in photo shop, illustrator.

contracted,simple but not that simple, light colour in margin and dark colour inside. Abbreviation with two words.

im not quite smart,mabye I can't figure out a question in few minutes, but Genius is 1% talent and 99% percent hard 
work, in my opinion, hard work is the best skill I have learned, so it will make up for my lack of 

As of 2015, Adobe Systems has about 13,500 employees,about 40% of whom work in San Jose. Adobe also 
has major development operations in Newton, New York City,Orlando, Minneapolis, Lehi, Seattle,San Francisco 
and San Luis in the United States.

adobe close the china development branch

I want to be a full-stack engineer, I like to learn variety of programming skills when I am young, I like t play games
even i cant become a game producer but i can learn UI and graphic first, photo shop and illustrator are wonderful choices.

i prefer to work in a softly environment, people more focus on work rather than wear suit, if I have some questions, my 
boss and co-workers will kindly to help me,if I cant understand, they will speak slowly and patiently to make me understand it.

I like play basketball, and i start to go to gym these days, Sport can make people more energetic, 
play pc games and watch some fantastic movies, the graphics are so beautiful, that really make the game or movie more
infectivity, if I can make something like that it should be amazing. so I'd like to learn photo shop and illustrator. 

I'm young and I'm a fast learner and I like your company's business, I can do hard work during work time also improve myself 
at night and weekend, I am a chinese, I can Diversify your working environment

I used one night to prepared this, because I'm a foreigner, my speaking maybe not good, but i am a hard work man and 
I took this opportunity very seriously, so if I have any chance to move forward that will be my pleasure.

