I used to work at a real estate company at china, help them to build a web site to
do the house management. the web site with many pages.In the main page, there is a big
picture of our main building, and say something about our company.there are many 
pictures link in the house page, it use to open a new web page to show the house details,
sell rent or lease. and the map page to show our house location.and a contact us page to 
show the information about us.

the internal panel is build by RESTful API and make the CRUD operation to maintain the 
employees, there is a sidebar in the left. employees can log in everyday and check in 
for today's work. if we have new information should let everybody to know, the panel 
will send e-mail to every employee.  

we used want call evening bird, cause we have to work at night when we done the day job.
but the name is captured, so our boss's girlfriend named evelyn, so we named our company 
evelynbird.  

evelynbird is a start up company, set up at October 2014, we aim at developing professional 
web sites for its clients, and also provides management and technical maintenance for 
products. there are 7 people in technical team, 4 in front-end and 3 in back, technical
team leader and 2 other business guys responsible for communicate with clients to ask
what they want. we have no office and work at home, if we need discuss some thing off line,
we will find a coffee shop or some where like this to discuss the professional staff.

Employee Management Panel is a single page application that build by MEAN stack, it used
to manage the employees in the company. 
At top is a menu bar, there is the company title and picture up on left, you can click the 
picture return to dashboard view. right top is about us, customer can learn about the company 
by click this.
The sidebar made by custom directive using Angular.js, 
it include a dashboard view to show up some bar chart and pie chart created by chart.js, 
when you mouse in the charts it should float out the value of this part. 
and a internal search view to list all the employees and employers, and a search function in 
this page can do search by gender, city and skills, also can do multiple search by these filters, 
when you click the employee's Head portrait, you can chat with him or send him email. 
last view is some pie charts made by d3.js in custom directive.

